My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose until
We reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
I am standing in front
of the building...
... where the employment exam
for teachers...
... took place.
Hey!
I ended up coming here
because I was bored.
Weren't you supposed
to take an exam today?
Exam? What the hell is that?
Don't you have to take
an exam to become a teacher?
That's what an amateur would think!
If you're a favorite,
you automatically--
I learned you need more than
student teaching to become a teacher.
Right. You need to pass this exam...
...to become a public school teacher.
It's given for those
becoming teachers...
...but don't have the knowledge.
Airhead.
Okay, the next news....
It's over. Everything....
Goodbye, high school girls
in miniskirts.
Goodbye, dangerous
extracurricular classes.
I'm gonna die.
It takes just one shot.
Hey, Eikichi. Are you okay?
Come on, hang in there!
Ryuji?
Just forget it.
Teachers don't get paid much
and their career is full of troubles.
If you want to find a girl,
it doesn't have to be at school.
You will find lots.
Do you want to work with me?
I think that selling used cars
to individuals would be good.
If we import from America,
we'll make megabucks.
Are you listening?
Let's pair up just like before.
Sorry, Ryuji.
Having tried student teaching...
...I realized that
I am not the teacher type.
I get sleepy reading textbooks.
Other teachers annoy me.
I truly realized...
...I am no different from those kids.
-Here.
-What is it?
It's an application
for a teaching position.
You can be a teacher at a private
school even if you fail that exam.
-Ryuji!
-Don't thank me. We are buddies.
I'm gonna be sick.
Hold it! There is
a bathroom right there!
No! Swallow it. That's gross!
What are you doing?
On my clothes!
Don't be nervous, Eikichi.
I don't care if
they are distinguished.
This is my last chance.
I'll impress them at the interview.
I'm sorry.
Wow, she is hot.
She is about my age.
She is wearing jeans. Too bad.
But her tight hipline....
What an old pervert!
The movement of the bus!
It's a misunderstanding! This is
bodily injury! I'll sue you.
So sue me! Eurasia University,
karate varsity team, Eikichi Onizuka.
I will not run or hide.
I am a man of high social standing.
If you want to press more false
charges, let's call the police.
It's absolutely unacceptable! You punk!
Thank you very much. You saved me!
No, no. I did what I should have done.
She is so cute!
Could this be destiny?
Holy Forest Academy
This must be destiny!
Really. Someone at the
same interview as me...
...drove that pervert away.
This coincidence makes
my heart beat faster.
Does it really?
LOVE LOVE
FUYUTSUKI ONIZUKA
Who did this?
Who pulled such a prank?
Onizuka-sensei is blushing!
Onizuka-sensei.
What is this?
I can't believe it!
Look, Fuyutsuki-sensei is blushing too.
Okay, let's start class!
Yes, sir.
A love affair with a teacher
at work may not be too bad.
What a wonderful future!
I am so lucky.
If that's the case, I need them
to hire me, no matter what!
Next, please!
Number 23, Eikichi Onizuka coming in.
I am Uchiyamada,
the vice principal.
Nice to meet you, Eurasia University,
karate varsity team, Onizuka-kun.
-What are you doing?
-A banzai cheer.
Interesting.
Well, your self-promoting
comments say:
"I am very serious.
That's what people say...
...but I am actually very sociable...
...and I have many friends.
That's what people say.
Also, I am very athletic.
I can lift 150 kg. on the bench press.
I was the captain of
the karate varsity team in college.
I would like to take advantage of
these skills in my teaching career."
Onizuka-kun, instead of applying
for a teaching position here...
...you should interview
at our middle school.
No, maybe elementary school.
It's pathetic.
The chairperson of the school board
has a policy of hiring teachers...
...without too much emphasis
on their resumes.
But because of that,
airheads like him...
...show up at the interviews.
All he has is stamina. He doesn't
even have basic levels of knowledge.
It's a shame that such a bonehead
would show up to interview...
...at such a distinguished school.
Thank you for coming.
This place is not for trash like you.
What trash?!
What? Didn't you hear me
telling you to go?
Why are you looking at me like that?
That's a very rebellious look.
That's not a look
a teacher should have.
It's the look of a murderer.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Have you killed one or two?
Shall I call 9-1-1?
Don't mock me, you old pervert!
Who is trash?
I can't stand it
when someone calls me...
...trash! You bastard!
What are you mumbling about?
Well....
Nothing!
How was it, Onizuka-kun?
Onizuka-kun?
Goodbye, thrilling times
with female students.
Goodbye, love affair
with a female teacher.
STUDENT STORE
So much for destiny.
I had no idea that bastard
was the vice principal here.
Lady, give me a bottle of milk coffee.
Sure.
What's wrong?
Did the interview go wrong?
Can't you tell? Maybe trash like me
can't become a teacher.
A young person like you shouldn't
be calling yourself trash.
But....
Ever since I was a kid, teachers
would call me stupid and trash.
It makes you believe that you are.
I wonder why teachers are like that.
I know I am stupid and quick to fight.
I may not be suited to be a teacher.
But if I became a teacher,
I'd never do that.
I would never call my students trash.
Was that too corny?
Where is the vice principal?
Come out here!
We're gonna kill him! Uchiyamada!
What is it?
They used to be in our school.
They were expelled.
-Did they come to get revenge?
-Why don't you stop them?
If you do a good job, you might
be able to become a teacher.
I will never let you
off the hook, Uchiyamada!
You've made a fool out of me
too many times!
Bastards! We'll call the police.
-Shut up!
-Wait!
Who are you?
Harming him will not
be tolerated by me...
...Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old,
interview number 23.
Weren't you a captain
of the karate team?
If you get rid of them, I'll give
thought to offering you a position.
What are you guys mumbling about?
Shut up, you trash! Onizuka-kun,
what do you think they did?
Blackmail, racketeering.
They dishonored our school name!
It's not like we wanted
to become rebels.
Every time you saw us,
you called us trash and dropouts!
What's wrong with calling trash, trash?
Or are you saying that it is my fault
that you guys went astray?
That's a bad joke.
You guys are nothing
but rotten, unredeemable trash!
Onizuka-kun, do something!
You are allowed to beat them up.
Those pieces of trash are not
our students anymore.
What are you doing, Onizuka-kun?
Act quickly!
Hey, why are you holding on to me?
Didn't you hear me, Onizuka-kun?
Do it quickly!
Unbelievable!
Vice principal!
That's outrageous!
Did you say you want to be a teacher?
Do you understand what you did?
It's violence. This is a huge problem!
Don't you look down on them, bastard!
You call people trash
like they are things.
Why is such verbal violence
allowed?
Because of teachers like you,
these kids are...
...squeezed out of their safe haven!
If you call this education...
...I don't want to be a teacher.
I gladly decline.
Let's go.
You're finished here, right?
Hey, wait! You!
-Hey, let's go, new guy!
-Okay.
80 kilometers to Aomori.
-Stay alert and hold on to the wheel.
-Yes, sir!
Are you really serious about
becoming a truck driver?
Didn't you want to be a teacher?
Please stop talking about it.
I am totally over it.
When I think about it,
the idea was too far-fetched.
Me? A teacher?
Now I'm driving routes.
I appreciate your instruction.
Sure. I will train you to be a
professional driver. Leave it to me.
-Excuse me.
-Yes, may I help you?
Excuse me!
I am looking for Eikichi Onizuka.
His landlord sent me here.
Eikichi?
Hello, this is Eikichi Onizuka...
...long-distance truck driver.
Oh, Ryuji, it's you.
I am sailing through the Akita area
on Tohoku Highway.
I'll arrive at Aomori soon.
What are you going
to do about college?
I'm gonna quit.
-What about teaching?
-It's okay. I'm done.
It's not for me.
I'm not suited for teaching.
I will become GDO.
Great Driver Onizuka.
That's what I'll strive for now.
So you quit, huh?
Then there's no use. If you are
in Akita, it's impossible.
What are you talking about?
Someone came from
the Holy Forest Academy.
If you take the final interview
by 6 p.m. today...
... they will hire you.
But you can't come back
from Akita by 6 p.m.
Just do your best where you are now.
Be GDO.
Isn't it impossible?
Can he come back in three hours?
It usually takes 8 hours.
No matter how fast you drive,
three hours is....
What's wrong?
I can become a teacher
if I return in three hours.
Sorry to have interrupted.
He is not the kind of guy
who gives up easily.
He makes the impossible possible.
That's the kind of guy he is.
No matter what.
I can. I can. I can.
Hey, stupid!
What the hell are you doing?
I can be a teacher
if I can get back in 3 hours.
Move over!
Attention, patrol cars.
We are chasing a truck
going south on Tohoku Highway.
Get roadblocks ready
and send additional police!
Here it comes!
The truck has run over the barricades
at the Inawa Tollbooth!
Holy Forest Academy
Is anyone here?
This is Onizuka!
I have come for an interview!
No one is here? Rats!
Answer me! Anyone!
I guess I didn't make it in time.
I was prepared to get
arrested for speeding.
Onizuka-kun.
I was waiting for you.
Let's start the interview.
You? The old lady?
Where am I? What is this place?
What?
Why are you...?
I knew you would come.
I got it! You said it was
for a teaching position.
But it's actually
for a store clerk position.
This is a practical joke.
CHAIRPERSON'S OFFICE
This place is...?
You mean.... Wait.
Welcome to Holy Forest Academy.
I am Sakurai,
principal of the school board.
Principal?!
But I saw you at the student store!
That's my hobby.
Sometimes I do that to observe people.
Oh, no! No way! That's not fair!
You seem to have a lot on your résumé.
You were taken care of
by the police too.
Okay. You are hired!
You need to read the school brochure
and teacher's manual.
-Ma'am....
-What is it?
Are you sure? You didn't take
much time to decide.
Is that strange?
I've just never passed anything
like this on the first try.
Be more confident
about yourself, Onizuka-kun.
But you need to be prepared.
Our school is considered prestigious.
But internally
many problems are mounting...
...such as delinquency, bullying,
problems with the opposite sex...
...violence, even toward teachers.
It is getting worse each year
and I can hardly handle it myself.
Onizuka-kun, what I want
from you is exactly...
...what you showed us
the other day. The German suplex.
That strength!
-German...?
-That's right! That's it!
That bridge reminds me of Karl Gotch.
-May I sit down?
-Please.
You are the only one who can resolve
our problems in a simple way.
So, as chairperson of the board,
I am asking you...
...to become a teacher
at our school. Onizuka-kun?
Or Teacher Onizuka!
Leave it to me!
I will perform the perfect
German suplex here.
Me, Eikichi Onizuka. 22 years old.
Why do you look so confident?
Teacher Onizuka is born. Hurray!
Ryuji and Fuyutsuki!
Congratulations!
We'll teach at the same school.
I look forward to it.
You mean, you passed too?
Unlike you, she passed
on her first try.
You need to thank her.
If she hadn't let you know,
you wouldn't have gotten the chance.
Are you serious?
Really? Come on.
I can't believe you are bringing him
into our school as a teacher.
It will be interesting.
You have an ulterior motive.
That class, you'll let him
take that class.
Keep your mouth shut!
I can't wait...
...to see what
that Eikichi Onizuka will do.
To see how he will change
the future of our students.
I can't wait. I am looking forward
to the cherry blossom season.
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
PREVIEW
Don't come any closer!
I can't...
...stand it anymore!
I want to die!
I will make this school
a more interesting place.